## Current Version: 210101 (Alpha) ##
**Windows: Unknown**

**Mac: Unknown**

**Linux: Running (Untested)**

# About EmSav-CLI
**This project is still WIP!** This is a program capable of editing the raw data of the standard 128KiB save game that is used for
3rd-generation Pokemon games. 

Currently, this program is only capable of modifying Emerald-based saves, but there are plans to extend this functionality to all 
3rd-gen mainline games. The functionality of the program is a bit lacking, and there are several planned features yet to be implemented.

Instructions for how to operate the program will come at a later date.

# Compilation
Compiling this program requires a way to compile using makefiles and g++ 11. On Windows, this will most-likely be handled through Visual
Studio. On Linux, this is done using the terminal.

**Linux**

To build the program on Linux, make and g++ need to be installed. Check your distro's repositories for these utilities.
Open a terminal window and issue the following commands:

```
git clone https://github.com/Lieutenant-Debaser/EmSav-CLI
cd EmSav-CLI
make
make clean
```

# Execution

**Windows**

Navigate to the location where the program has been compiled and double click the executable.

**Linux**

Navigate to the build directory and execute the EmSav executable. If it won't execute through the terminal, modify its execution permissions
with ```chmod +x EmSav```

For the program to load the save file, it's easiest to place it in the same directory as the executable itself.

# Bug Reporting
Since this program is still in the early stages of development, bugs and issues are bound to occur. If you come across behavior in the
program that seems odd or problematic, please feel free to submit a bug report.

# Compatibility
I typically write programs exclusively in Linux. Issues or bugs that are present when the program is compiled and ran on Windows might take
some time to be fixed. Issues present on Mac might never be fixed at all as I have no way to test on that platform. In addition to that, 
this program is only usable as a command-line program. If you would like a GUI program with better OS compatibility, I recommend looking
elsewhere. I currently have no plans of adding a GUI front-end as my experience as a programmer is a bit lacking.

# Additional Legal and Copyright
All intellectual properties are copyright of their respective owners. Pokemon is a trademark of Nintendo/Creatures Inc./GAME FREAK Inc.
Pokemon names are trademark of Nintendo. In no way am I affiliated with any of these entities. This is a fan-made tool for **older-generation**
Pokemon games. No copyright infringement is intended. 

This is a not a piracy tool. I do not officially condone piracy of any kind. This program is only capable of modifying a save already
generated by an offical copy of the game, and is incapable of extracting, creating, or otherwise generating a game ROM or any other
copyrighted works.

Information in the files that are present in the "data" folder is based off of information present on [Bulbapedia](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Main_Page). These files are licensed separately from the rest of the source files under the
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/2.5/legalcode), as
required of all works derived from the information present on Bulbapedia.

Source code and any released executables are licensed under the Unlicense License. As long as you operate within the parameters of that
license, I don't really care what you do with the program.

This tool is to be used only on games already owned by the operator. I cannot guarantee that it will function as intended, or at all
for that matter. I do not guarantee the fitness of this program for a particular use case. Use at your own risk, and always backup 
your saves before using it.
